Document the new setting key for the daemonset name 'configurePrivateRegistriesInNodes' that allows to enable or disable the configuration of private registry credentials in the nodes' (#445)
okteto/docs: src/content/self-hosted/administration/configuration.mdx

- `extraEnv`: Environment variables to be set on the daemonset containers.
- `labels`: Labels to add to the daemonset pods.
- `image`: Container image used by the daemonset pods.

> - `configurePrivateRegistriesInNodes.enabled`: Allows to specify if the daemonset should configure the private registry credentials in the nodes for kubelet or not. It defaults to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `configurePrivateRegistriesInNodes.enabled`: Specifies if the daemonset should configure the private registry credentials in the nodes for kubelet or not. It defaults to `true`.
```

Non-blocking suggestion
